# Some Personal Thoughts
Your presentation really put into perspective all the aspects that need to be considered when dealing with the development of any program. I am planning to code an application with a friend during the summer time and definately want to put some of the things that you have presenting to practice. By no means am I going to develop a business out of the small project, but it'll give me good practice if I do choose push my program into an actual bussiness.
It's super cool knowing that the backend language is something that I currently heavily work with (C# and .Net). Though currently I do have a question that I didn't have before: "Over other backended languages and programs why did you feel that C# and .NET was fitting for developing Filbo?" I'm trying to familiarize myself with other programs that deal with back end and utilize other languages so I'm genuinely curious! Additionally, I appreciate that your presentation included Security and utilizing backups since in theory it's discussed in classes but it's usually the last thing that, as a student, I think about.
I've always wanted to understand where Microservice is best utilized since I do have some understanding that although microsergvices are theoretically good they are very costly. I've never considered that you can split and distribute inefficiently. When you meantion that you "split backend services by domain area" it gives a really good idea where to apply microservices and gives me a better understanding of where the practice should and should not be applied. It really good knowing that the bulk of what I do as a coder is what can be applied to a business structure like Filbo and very possibly elsewhere.

Side Note: Thank you so much for your presentation! I did have to go back to take a look at all the information you've presented and I feel that it's going to prepare me better for my Capstone 1 course which does focus more of the business/program structure first with a client. Thank you so much again and your presentation was amazing!
