## Assignment 1: Microservice Gartner Report Blog
#### I found it interesting that a microservce isn't reusable since you would think that a service provided is by default, reusable. At first I compared a microservce to something like a widgit since it wasn't a service that was relying on one particular program, but upon further reading I reconsidered that train of thought and would say that a microservice is multiple, scalable project that can be combined to bring functionality to an application but is also independently functional. Adding on, from the diagram "Multigrained Architecture", I found that you can have multiple data stores (implementing more resources) each with their own runtimes and all implementing seperate features that I assume could be swapped out at anytime without affecting the data manipulation allowing for flexability within itself. I came to the conclusion that there would be some instances where you would want to implement microservice (I'm thinking something like Google since there is google drive, google calender, etc.) but there are other times where you wouldn't want to use microservice (like a private family business). Not every business/application should have microservice, though I'm still trying to think of other examples of where microservices could be beneficial.

## Assignment 4: The Cloud
### Benefits of Virtual Machines:
##### Some of the benefits of a virtual machine is that you can create one on the spot but you can also destory it. This means that you don't have to go through physical machines and breaking those apart. Another benefit is that the software within a virtual machine is programable. While it takes a physical machine to be cabled together and connected with hardware, a virtual machine is able to create, start, stop, modify and be destroyed all through an API on a large scale.
### Benefits of Containers:
##### Containers don't use as many physical resources as a virtual machine might (RAM and disk). For example, a container doesn't require an entire operating system, only specific system files are needed opposed to applocating a large virtual disk ahead of time. Containers are software specific and run independantly by themeselves and require processes like the SSH on the host but allows them to be easily swapped out.
### Physical Over Virtual:
#### A time where I would choose a physical machine over virtual is for performance. A physical machine is far more powerful and efficent than a virutal machine due to VM being prone to performance issues. Not to mention that you would be required to purchase a license of some sort to operate the VM where you don't need to purchase anything besides the hardware of a physical machine.

### How would the cloud aid in microservices?
#### To understand why a cloud would aid in microservice, we have to define what a cloud is. A cloud is a means of storing and accessing data and programs over the internet instead of using one's hard drive. Thus componenets within the cloud and be mixed and matched to speed up software development and improve software release efficiency. Although you could use the cloud to power a monolithic architechture, the potential of the cloud is wasted. Instead the independant components can be utilized more effectively within a microservice architecture. A microservice is intended to break up multiple independent, and focused services that have their own seperate business logic and data store from the rest of the services. As a result, you can have a microservice-based  application that can be scaled and deployed seperately from everything else and still be operational. 
##### So why would a cloud help? Well the previous paragraph stated that the cloud is made up of multiple independent components that can be utilized in a variety of ways. For example, the case that the code breaks or someone changes, those previous changes (before the corruption) is recoverable since you can isolate parts that were comprised and then get logs from the cloud to get the code back. By having this efficent fix allows the system to have less down time. Additionally, you can have multiple people working on different parts of the microservice on the cloud and when implemented will worth together where else everyone would have to be working on the same code and trying to figure out what's going where and how to implement something into the preexisting code. 
